<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_j34_2qq_5cb">
    <title>Garden Preparation</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>An lisappreciation of the conditions under which bulbs grow in nature is of
                considerable help in understanding their needs in cultivation, but is by no means
                all-sufficient. When plants are grown away from their native homesand perhaps are
                accommodated in pots indoors-they may respond to quite different soils,
                temperatures, moisture conditions, etc., than those to which they are subjected in
                the wild.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Handle bulbs carefully. Any scarred or punctured bulb is more susceptible to
                    decay or infestation.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Make sure that the <b>soil</b> is the proper one. This might be hard to
                    achieve, but generally an earth midway between sand and clay and containing a
                    generous measure of organic matter is what most plants want.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>All plants need <b>watering</b>, but you should also provide good drainage. An
                    overabundance of water around bulbs during the dormant period is particularly
                    harmful.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Plants respond to fertile soil, but <b>fertilizers</b> must not be used
                    carelessly. Improper dosage can do more harm than good.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When dealing with<b> insects</b> and <b>diseases</b>, proper diagnosis of the
                    trouble is of primary importance.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
